OK, so I've given you the idea about this life CEO I'm going to give you a bunch of documentation chat GBT transcripts audio recordings, the volumes of of the original idea of Mundot Tengo plus an original mind dump. The volumes I need you to tone down the emotional trauma, this type of stuff by 20% to understand it. I want you to now open all of these files take a quick glance at them to get a general understanding plus what you know already and then I want you to decide which professionals would need to be involved to help me build this, especially at the top level once you've identified them, I need a prompt. So once you have identified these individuals, then I need you to dive deep into their careers, so you can be an expert subject matter expert on these fields then I want you to have all of these people review the project we've already done. review all of the content, the attachments that I'm giving you. and I want them to read everything in detail. Once they're done, I want them to each continue the project hierarchy tree so that I want them to add their tasks that they think needs to be done to the tree. of course, and they need to identify their jobs first, then they need to look at what has already been done on the Project Tree and in Gitub and Superbase, etc., you need to see all of the work that we've done, and then I want you to then make a final list of items that each professional would have to do.. Check off the things that we've already completed, so we have a complete understanding of what's finished and what is still to be done. Make sure that there is a complete progress report, that we can see the original Triangot Tech files and see the progression of where we are now. That way when a human reviewer comes in, they can see the evolution of where we started and to where we are now, to make sure that we are thinking on the right path and making the right changes. So everything is in the project. It has these metrics and more, also. They need to estimate based on standard working hours, how long it would take the human to review the work that they need to review that way, when I go to a user and there needs to be an input for a field. So who is the CEO? Scott is the CEO, for example. So when they come in, they can see all of their work that they have to do, and then they can dive right in to confirming, and I can tell them right up front, I need you to, if you can volunteer for X amount of time make sure that all tickets if they have dependencies if they're related to any other tickets in any other way that these are that this is captured of course we then need a final top progression percentage to understand where we are in the launch of this application. The focus at the beginning is Mundo Tango, but then separately, the status of the life CEO Now prepare each prepare each for when I've decided on a person, they will have all of the work already identified, also prepare for them a brief two documents, a brief description of Mundo Tango and how it relates to them in their work the future of of what we are thinking with life CEO and and then go deeper. So if they if they want and hopefully they will, they will take a deeper dive into it again a bit more focused, not 100%, but a bit more focused on their job, so they have a really clear understanding of what they need to do. It should also keep track of and prepare any applications that this person would need and need access to Yeah. As the human reviewer is approving the work, we need to make sure that that is tracked that they that there is a check box that they have checked it and confirmed it and approved. We need a status of that of what a human has approved or not They also need to these were starting from the top down so I'm attempting to find the right CTO just to review the first round of CTO stuff and then have him review and confirm the next layer of workers deep so make sure that like if it was CTO then I don't know chief or head of engineering or head of product development, things like this. Hopefully they align with what we have already, the CEO, for example, would review the work that needs to be done to confirm that he again agrees with this at a high level and if that is a yes, then we're good to go We have now made the job description. We know exactly what they want them to do what we need them to work on and the potential years of experience that we need for them once we have that, then we can send out have it approved by the manager and have it sent out to marketing to start promoting it and then this gets into another conversation. I've had about jobs and flow and HR and ATS and all that stuff. Yes