Use the life ceo and 44x21s and leverage any open sources with 100% implementations. Ask any questions you need to clarify the work before you start:
Friendship. You need to look at the TTfiles but the idea: 
A user sends a friend request, a form comes up and it has: Did we dance (yes/no), Where did we dance (event type to auto complete) which auto fills or the user has to enter a city with auto complete, Did we have a fun story (open text), do they have any photos or videos to share, option to add a private message to themselves this should not be visible to the requestee (open text), and then snooze button which will remind them the next morning at 10am their local time with options for snoozing to send this request to the new friend. 
Once this is received, the requestee then sees all of this info and all the basic info about the requester: Name, city from registration/profile, what they do in tango, any events they have in common, etc. 
If the requestee accepts: they have the option to also upload content, write a message, and make a personal note not seen by the requester.
Then this creates the friendship page (inspired by Facebooks friendship page). The friendship page has this info for the forms on the right side of the screen as the “Beginning of our Friendship”. The personal note can be updated. This page then has all of the information about their friendship: any posts they are tagged in together, likes and comments on each other’s posts or comments, events, etc. 
Then there is an understanding like LinkedIn about degrees of separation: 1st, 2nd, 3rd to users.
As the Friendship page has more information about their friendship it then understands how close this person is as a friend. Which will then have impacts later when it comes to organizing traveling and wanting to spend more time with your close friends. 
In the timeline on a users post, there should also be a “see friendship” button (see TTfiles) that gives a quick look at the friendship and then an option to go to the full friendship page.

